# Down to Anything
CMPT-276 Web App Project


Down To Anything is an exciting new social video and photo platform for challenging friends and strangers alike to participate in worldwide challenges. We provide an easy way for anyone to engage in fun and interactive activities and share it with the world. Inspired by viral video and photo challenges that have swept the internet in the past years, we provide the means for the best challenge-fulfillers to gain recognition, and accumulate points across all the challenges they fulfill.

Currently, challenges are scattered among various social media platforms and this poses two problems: First of all, people who might be interested in challenge-based online activities still do not have a centralized platform for their interests. Therefore, they miss out on a lot of content that would otherwise be appealing to them. DTA will act as both inspiration and a place for them to formally accrue recognition for particularly thrilling, entertaining, or impressive videos while completing challenges. The second problem is people who aren’t interested in these challenges can be overwhelmed by them on social media. When someone uninterested in challenges opens their newsfeed and finds post after post of challenges, it undermines the value of the social network. With Down To Anything, all challenges are centralized so people who want to view them can do so easily, and those who aren’t interested will not be bothered by them when on their favourite social media platform.

Our target audience is primarily adventure-seekers, and people without fear or shame, but it is otherwise available to anyone with access to a camera and the internet! As well, our website will provide a source of entertainment for people who hope to simply watch the best challenges but don’t want to participate themselves. We anticipate an audience between the ages of 13 and 30 (although of course since content is community generated, this may be skewed by the initial user base). Our content creators will likely be those old enough to afford cameras and know how to upload/edit videos, while those merely browsing the site will probably be from a wide range. In general, we will likely attract outgoing young people with time and energy to burn. Many college or high-school-aged people will likely upload videos, as this seems to be a large portion of the people currently participating in online challenges.

Our website will have one primary feature, with other features augmenting the website’s experience. Primarily, our website will act as a way for people to vote on challenges that they wish to see fulfilled (using an upvote/downvote system), and submit their YouTube uploads as entries to the challenges. Once a challenge has at least one entry, the community will be able to vote on the entry that is the ‘best’, which will result in points scored for the uploader. These points will be attributed to the uploader’s username, and certain point levels will result in badges and achievements to incentivize further challenge fulfillment. To go along with this, we want to implement detailed user pages that list their points, videos (sortable by popularity or date uploaded), and any affiliation with a team or group.

The users will also be able to browse through videos and search based on different criteria.  For example, the users will be able to see the most popular videos or use specific search terms to narrow the results. This search will act as a filter that either returns videos of a certain type, or excludes them (for example, removing anything involving alcohol). For help with implementing the video content interface (uploading, streaming etc.), we hope to use the YouTube API. This will also ensure that our own website’s guidelines are in-line with YouTube’s existing guidelines.
	
We hope to implement a team system where small groups of ‘challengers’ can accrue points for a team’s sake rather than individually. This will encourage team challenges (e.g. ‘Most Daring Location for a Human Pyramid’) to be fulfilled, and hopefully inspire a sort of team fraternity and competitiveness. We have discussed a system where a team or person could tag another team/person in a challenge they themselves have completed as a sort of personal challenge, as has been the trend with viral challenges in the past. These challenges could impart a greater number of points, and would further incentivize people to generate content.

Additionally, we have discussed location-based challenges. These may be of the form ‘Best Party Trick at SFU’ and require videos to be uploaded while physically at a specified location. This is one of our wish-list items that we want to implement if it is feasible, and if we have enough time.
Right now, whenever a ‘viral challenge’ spreads across the internet, it is sort of a clunky ad-hoc procedure. People upload to either YouTube or a native video-player (like Instagram or Facebook Videos) and are forced to either send a link to their video, or tag the people they want to see it (as well as the people they hope to challenge). At most, quality of challenge fulfillment is based around views or likes. With our system, we will add a sense of measured competition, where people will be able to boast to friends about holding the top position (or for knocking a reigning champ from 1st place). This will not only encourage participation, but impart something of a social reward. We hope that our platform will develop a community of active users who come to our website both for entertainment, and for sport.
